How dare you look down on Director Wu
Mr. Wu, this trash is here to kill and cut
Let you in
You are God
Mr. Wu beat my husband at a price
You are ready to join him
Just you want me to ignore the pharmaceutical industry and go bankrupt
President Hu
I can't, but that doesn't mean no one can clean up
Your son consults
Didn't expect me
I will also surpass his red dust
Did you all hear that?
Is it funny?
Ok I want both
See how you let me follow in my son's footsteps
Shen Lang, what nonsense are you talking about?
Are you crazy?
Want to kill our Lin family
Shen Lang
You are dreaming
Girl I tell you
If you and this trash harm the Lin family
You and your mother and your sister
Don't think about it
Grandma, what does this have to do with them?
Why doesn't it matter?
You're family.
This trash has provoked Mr. Wu
It caused such a big disaster for our Lin Group again
I don't seem to be optimistic about you.
I'm all curious
How did you make my Wu Group go bankrupt?
Kill the Wu Group for me
Hahahaha
You want to kill my Wu Group with one phone call
Did you not wake up?